“I can’t do it when you’re hung over my shoulder like that!” You exclaimed, cheeks flushed as you shoved away Idate who fell back in his chair. You were trying to cast a spell, trying and failing like you had been for the few weeks since school had started. It didn’t help that you had Idate sat behind you, your chair facing away from him so you could focus on the magic rather than how much his smug smile irritated you when he watched you struggle…although you could just feel his gaze. It wasn’t like he’d tried any magic yet at all, full stop – no magic so you didn’t see what gave him the right to bully you about your lack of skill when he had none too. At least you practised. Still, the bottles on the wall didn’t explode or melt or do anything remotely out of the ordinary except annoy you with their presence, a bit like somebody else.

“Chlomaki!” You exclaimed as she passed by, your teacher stopping to see what was up. “Can I switch classrooms?” Her jaw fell slack with a distinctive ‘huh’.

“Why? What’s wrong with this one?”

“Him!” You cried, pointing to Idate who sniggered away. “He’s a massive distraction and I’m one hundred percent certain he’s the reason why I can’t do magic.” Chlomaki laughed at this, shrugging idly.

“Well, how about you turn that rage into magic and zap him?” She suggested, Idate once again leaning over your shoulder with a smirk.

“Yeah (Y/N), why don’t you?” The teacher had said her part, leaving you to bat away Idate as you picked on you…the laughter dying down and the chaos calming when he decided to disturb the peace once more. Take one final dig before the bell.

“You know (Y/N),” he began with a sly smirk, “if you can learn magic and become a witch by the end of the school year I’ll be your very, first familiar.” You would have been insulted since you knew he’d only make a deal that big if the chances were near enough impossible but…it wasn’t impossible, or rather you were thinking optimistically. His arrogance only fuelled your own on the other hand, as you returned his smirk.

“Deal.”

Like that, you shook, and the race began.

Whilst there was chaos in the classroom however, there was peace at breaks and lunches: that glorious time in the day where lessons ceased and you got to be with your friends. Not that, that peace was a constant force in the universe but for the most part it was usually quiet. You had a spot out on the back field, tucked away in the corner by some trees where it was shady. Shirogane would sit picking flowers if he wasn’t too busy gazing off into space and Yukisada either read or chat…and today it was chat. Your two closest friends far separated from your others…Satanick’s group hanging out on the front of school near the gates. It was far, far away from you where certain people, namely Idate, couldn’t interact with your group – at least, unless he wanted too and even then Yukisada would have argued he’d have to be on a different world to feel safe from the orca. He was a bully, that much you knew, but you’d only heard stories and rumours about what he’d done to the pair, especially Shirogane and…some things you didn’t want to ask about in case they were true. Somehow though, you were still friends with the orca…friends not really the best term but you enjoyed his company – your real friends were sat beside you. Friends you wanted to protect.

~

Shirogane sat hunched over his tray of food, picking at what scraps remained. Yukisada on the other hand, had finished. He was busy reminiscing on the meals they had at their home back on the Witches’ World, Yuki it seemed being a keen chef but then again they did take care of themselves and it wasn’t like they had packet food there by the sounds of things.

“Do you cook (Y/N)?” The question caught you of guard, forgetting how to swallow as you covered your mouth wide-eyed.

“Mm-” you choked, “yeah…sometimes. Usually my Mother would cook for us all, but I can make a few things.”

“How sweet!” The owl chirped with a pleasant smile. “Honestly, sometimes I feel like a Mother myself having to look after Shirogane sometimes.” The wolf sunk in his seat, red in the face as he pushed aside his tray.

“I fish…” he commented, Yukisada letting out a hum.

“True. I can’t fish…I don’t know where I’d be without you – no way would Rock fish for me…” as Yukisada trailed off you couldn’t help but wonder.

“Aren’t you scared fishing, Shirogane?” You asked curiously, the wolf nodding timidly.

“Yeah.” Yukisada quickly cut in for him as Shirogane seemed to zone out in fear.

“He fishes on our side of the island away from the Danger Zone…it’s slightly safer.” Only slightly, you thought with a sigh – your conversation continuing until you’d finished your meal. With that, you all stood ready to go, but parted ways. They went to the usual spot and you went to your dorm to pick up your Magic and your P.E. kit. It also meant passing Satanick’s group however. You’d managed to slip into the dorm, not unnoticed of course, you were just an easier target on the way back. They’d waited outside the door to the dormitories…both trying to stifle their laughter – Satanick pressing his finger to his lips as he heard the handle turned, both tense, Idate taking one last breath in from the helium balloon.

“Raaawr!” You’d screamed at the sudden ambush, Satanick and Idate jumping out on you and making you jump at least a good foot back into the dorms. Yet, as they both fell about laughing you soon found yourself relax – joining them in their hysterics at their high-pitched voices.

“Oh my God!” Satanick cried, hunched over and holding his sides. He sounded ridiculous.

“You should have seen your face!” He added, Idate’s voice just as bad as he sniggered away.

“Thanks…” you sighed, motioning to the balloon, “where’d you get that from?” Idate lift it up, keeping it from deflating as he did.

“Aconitaaa!” He sang, covering his mouth with his spare hand at just how high his voice had gone. Satanick silent for a second as the pair looked at each other wide-eyed. Next thing you knew Satanick had the balloon and was desperately inhaling the helium as Idate explained ever so kindly how they’d come to acquire it.

“It’s Aconita’s birthday today and she got a balloon.” Satanick passed it back to Idate, hesitating as he took in a deep breath on top of the gas.

“Yep!” he squeaked. “And she gave it to us.” Idate followed in inhaling some more, both of them beaming at each other childishly. What happened next made you doubt ever bad rumour circulating around the two…Satanick started it off, straitening himself out so he could breathe better. Then: he sang. Surprisingly well too – his voice gradually becoming higher pitched as Idate joined in. Both of them sang like choir boys for all about ten seconds before they fell about in laughter once more. Idate wiped a tear from his face as he steadied himself slightly, offering you the balloon.

“Your turn!” He cooed, slipping back into laughter as you begrudgingly took it. Great, you mused, trying not to touch the end since it had their saliva on it…then, you took in a deep breath – the pair watching you eagerly as you handed it back to Idate.

“Are you happy now?”

“That is the sexiest voice I’ve ever heard!” Satanick howled, snatching the balloon and taking the last bit of helium, much to Idate’s annoyance. “Aaahhh, (Y/N) ~ you make me feel so good!” A fist made contact with his shoulder – Idate snatching back the empty balloon only to throw it at the Devil who raised his hands defensively, giggling away to himself as Idate snapped at him. You yourself stood awkwardly as you couldn’t shake the light blush that’d crept up on your face at Satanick’s words.

“I didn’t offer you anymore arsehole!” He didn’t sound threatening one bit, Satanick rubbing his neck sheepishly.

“I don’t need to ask. I just do.” He purred. “Besides, it’s not like I’m going to take orders from somebody who sounds like their balls haven’t dropped yet.” Now you just wanted to leave, the pair quick to wrestle with each other…effectively blocked the door in the process: insults thrown left, right and centre.

“I’m surprised to see you’re actually fighting for a change instead of using magic like a girl.” Idate snarled, Satanick laughing as he was thrown to the ground.

“Oh whatcha’ gonna do? Rape me?” Satanick jeered, the Devil struggling to break free from the orca as his hands were held behind his back.

“You wish.”

“No - you wish – at least I can actually get a girl to fuck in the first place!” Satanick’s statement ended with a pained shriek as you heard his bones creak, Idate forcing his arms further up his back. The Devil didn’t stop though.

“Are you just showing off for-” he gasped, “for (Y/N), Idate?” The orca didn’t seem to ease up, in fact, the Devil’s words only spurred him on more – seeing your chance to step in as you crouched by the pair of them.

“I won’t be impressed if somebody ends up losing an arm.” You sighed, Idate meeting your gaze for a second, then letting go.

“I wouldn’t do that to my dear little friend.” He purred, Satanick stretching out his arms with a groan.

“Oh that feels good…” he sighed, “thanks (Y/N) – you saved me…if there’s anything you want in retur-” he didn’t get to finish his sentence as Idate bat him around the head one last time.

“Ignore him.” Idate chirped, rising and offering you a hand. The orca helping you up as he gave you a misleadingly sweet smile…one that made your face flush more than Satanick’s innuendos.

“He doesn’t know how to ask nicely…” he stamped on Satanick’s back as he tried to rise, gaze narrowed at the Devil, “he just takes things like an animal.”

“I’m the animal?” Satanick huffed – feeling your heart sink as you sensed another fight about to break up. Realising it was best to go whilst the going was good. Your sudden announcement about needing to go see your friends stopping whatever was going to break out short as Satanick scrambled off the floor and draped himself across your side. An arm snaking around yours as he dragged you away from the orca and towards his group.

“But you should come and hang out with us (Y/N)!” He purred, Idate agreeing with him as he caught up with you both…their fight averted at the idea of torturing you instead. Not that hanging out with them was bad of course…you just felt bad leaving Yukisada and Shirogane for yet another lunch. Something you were scolded for at tea time when they’d asked where you’d gotten off to…not surprised to hear where you’d gone. They understood you were dragged off, even if you had fun, but that didn’t stop you from received a mini lecture at how you should try to avoid them. It wasn’t like you could avoid them though, especially not when you walked into form.

“Good morning (Y/N)!” Satanick cooed, whatever perverted conversation they’d just been having cut short as Idate turned to face you with a grin.

“Morning!”

“Hi…” you muttered, catching Yukisada’s concerned look from across the room. You knew even if you ignored them they wouldn’t leave you alone. Idate’s head cocked as he spun around in his seat, taking your wrist as you tried to pass them both and making you jump.

“What’s up (Y/N)?” He asked, less out of concern you noted at the smirk.

“It’s nothing.” You sighed, Satanick joining in.

“You look down though sweetie…you can talk to us you know…or just me if that orca is too mean for you.” You smiled at this as Idate retracted his hand to knuckle the Devil. You took the opportunity to flee, greeting Yukisada who offered you a smile from his work. They didn’t relent though. Eventually you were sat in Literature Club with a raging headache they’d managed to give you. Licorice had come to speak to you and check if you were alright. The demon not surprised to find out his Father had a hand in your foul mood…receiving the same goddamn lecture about staying away from Satanick and Idate and that crew. It didn’t help. It certainly didn’t help that you had writer’s block either, pencilling out a few haiku’s since they took minimal effort…your creativity lacking.

“You know what you have to do (Y/N)…” Memoca began, perched on your head like a hot-water bottle, “you gotta give ‘em a slap and tell them to bugger off!”

“Thanks.” You chuckled, placing aside your pen and lifting your hand and giving her a poke. “Are you actually writing or are you just lazing about up there?” She didn’t respond, suddenly ignoring you at the mention of doing any work. By the time club ended and you’d helped Licorice return the classroom to its previous state, the headache had subsided and you felt better…the only problem being that every other club happened to finish at the same time – meaning…you heard them first. Satanick was in full sprint mode as he ran towards you, Idate strolling on after him – the Devil catching you in a hug. Something that was ended pretty soon as his son left the classroom – Licorice taking one look at the Devil and he soon put you down, stepping away with a bashful smile. When Licorice was out of sight though, you were back in the Devil’s arms, Idate having caught up to you.

“How’s my cute, baby girl?” Satanick purred, Idate dragging him off you.

“I’m fine…” you sighed, Satanick not convinced as Idate let him go.

“Girls are never fine when they say they are.” Satanick stated simply.

“Yeah (Y/N), you’ve been down all day, what’s up?” You didn’t want to say anything since you knew they’d only go pick on your friends so you lied.

“I’m tired…that and I couldn’t think of anything to write in club.” You sighed, the last part definitely not a lie at least: Satanick immediately waffling on about writing porn and something about expressing repressed desires. Idate quiet for the most part as he idly followed the pair of you…the orca not buying your lies as easily. He knew Yukisada wouldn’t be happy with him going near her. Shirogane wouldn’t be as vocal about it since he was scared of him, but the orca knew that they were both probably trying to protect her from him. It wasn’t like he wanted to do anything to her though. In fact, he liked the fact that being her friend made them very, very uncomfortable. Even if he would have liked to see just how fragile she really was, he couldn’t be bothered – besides, she was Satanick’s friend too and he didn’t want to step that line. So he was nice to her and…in the end - if he was honest with himself…he’d come to quite enjoy her presence. He wouldn’t have offered to become her familiar otherwise, although, he knew this would never happen, but if it did...

He wouldn’t complain.

News of the trip spread like wildfire. A few weeks had passed and it had been announced that for the hard work you’d all most definitely been putting in at school, you had earnt you a reward. You were particularly interested in it too. Not just because it was a trip, but because it was taking place on Earth. Yukisada and Shirogane on the other hand weren’t as excited…what with Yuki having a coursework deadline coming up all for one of his subjects and Shirogane wasn’t too keen on going if Yukisada wasn’t. Even when you tried to persuade them they still refused, albeit apologetically, saying that you guys could go out and do something in town to hang out instead. That didn’t mean you weren’t going though. It was to one of many Seaworlds on Earth…eager to find out who else was going. The usual two suspects just as eager to find out if you were going – finding yourself stopped at the dorm door once more by the Devil and the orca and somehow ending up with Idate’s number and the promise that you’d stay with them on the trip…and through them you found out that Lil and Kyou and Aconita were going as well…there was no escaping them.

Today 7:02 AM
Hey (Y/N)! What's taking you so long? xxxxxxxxxxx <3 <3 <3
You stared at your phone in confusion, toe curled around the back of your shoe as you slipped it on slowly. It was an unknown number yet the amount of kisses rose suspicion in you. So you text back since you were dressed anyway, ready for the trip to Seaworld in your shorts and your vest – a hoodie on the bed ready to accompany you in case it was too cold on Earth. The weather forecast had looked good at least.

Today 7:03 AM
I thought I blocked you Satanick?Delivered
Was all you put in response. It was bold of you to assume to it was Satanick but in reality, it was most likely Satanick.

Today 7:03 AM
You did! I bet you kept the photos though ;)DON'T BLOCK THIS ONE THOUGH IT'S IDATE'S PHONE!
You also weren’t surprised that he was using Idate’s phone. Another text soon to follow the other before you could respond, deleting what you’d written as an oncoming barrage kept you occupied.

Today 7:04 AM
I just wanted to ask if you were already ready for the trip since we're relaxing at the front gates xxxxxx :DUnless you want me to come up there and relax with you ;) xxxxxI wouldn't be sad if you wanted me to ask Idate to meet you so you two could get some private time together either - I know you like him xxxxx ;DGive me a minute and I'll be down.Delivered
You saw your phone flash again but you didn’t bother checking it as you made sure you had your purse and your headphones secured in your bag. The morning had already gotten off to a good start it seemed. Only getting better once you reached the front gates: the pair of them almost like twins in their almost matching clothes, black shoes, black trousers – the only thing that differed was that Satanick wore a fairly smart waistcoat over his shirt whilst Idate just opted for the shirt, no waistcoat in sight…although he was holding a hoodie under his arm. After receiving your compliments from Satanick, you asked if Idate knew he’d borrowed his phone, the orca nodding sadly.

“I dread to think what kind of fucked up porn he’s downloaded onto it.” Idate sighed, Satanick frowning as he pointed rudely at you.

“I was only talking to (Y/N)!” He exclaimed defensively, like he’d just been charged a death sentence or something. “I was trying to get you laid!”

“How thoughtful of you sweetie-pie but I’m certain Idate’s a big enough boy to get himself a girl, wouldn’t you say?” Lil had crept up on the group, startling both Satanick and yourself, the Devil whipping around and immediately agreeing with her…albeit…grovelling somewhat as he snaked an arm around hers. For what seemed like the first time in history however, you saw Lil beat him away as he tried to kiss her, the succubus straightening out her shorts as her gaze travelled to you…her shirt matching yours as she opened her mouth to speak then quickly shut it. Now you all looked like idiots, you thought as a smirk crossed Lil’s features – soon holding you close and pressing her body into your side as she swirled a finger across your neck.

“Oh darling you know we’re just like sisters now!” She cooed, Satanick watching on sadly as Idate checked to see the damage on his phone. By the time everyone had arrived you wanted to go back to bed, Lil having talked you senseless and Satanick kept trying to worm his way in between you both for some affection. Idate on the other hand, was unnaturally quiet. Still, you didn’t think anything of it and the trip began. Artamos and Tatsumyia seemed to be the two teacher wrangling the rowdy bunch of students and you all teleported, some with necessary assistance, to Earth where you boarded a coach. Prior to this though, magic had also been applied to the other students to make them look ‘human’. Satanick looked downright weird without his horns and still reminded you of every ‘popular’ girl at school ever. You couldn’t help but giggle at Idate though…minus the tail and the dorsal fin he might have looked ordinary yet…his hair – the white orca markings remained amidst the black hair. A smirk lining his lips as you fought to stifle your amusement. You had taken the back row of seats on the coach, finding yourself by the window thankfully, then Idate sat beside you with Satanick and Lil next to him…the pair flirting away to which both of you had commented on as being ‘gross’.

And so you sat. Listening to music on your phone as you stared out the window.

~Escape the endless dream of space: black seas that I can't navigate - locate the great Starlight Brigade~ The ‘ding’ that’d interrupted your music caught your attention however, a message coming up from Idate – turning to face the orca as you read:

Today 7:56 AM
What are you listening to?
You simply took out a headphone and offered him it, much to his surprise.

“Thanks…” he muttered and you gave him a weak smile.

“No worries.” There was a moment of silence as he slowly matched your smile – typing something on his phone and suddenly you had a new message.

Today 7:56 AM
Are you going to tell me why you've seemed so distant lately? It's like you don't wanna hang out with me.
It read. You were obviously going to play the game drunk girls played at parties when somebody was upset…your lips pouted as you responded with a simple, ‘I’m tired’.

Today 7:57 AM
You used that excuse before (Y/N), you know I think I know why you don't seem happy to see me anymore.Why is that then?Read

You could see him smile from the corner of your eye, your heart sinking as you saw his response.

Today 7:58 AM
Yukisada and Shirogane don't want you to play with me... Which reminds me, have you told them I'm your familiar to be?They worry about me Idate, you don't exactly have the best track record for being nice, you know? And I haven't no.Read
He elbowed you in the side and you shot him daggers, your point proven but he tried to defend himself.

Today 7:58 AM
I'm nice to you because you're my friend... And pity. You wanna know something though (Y/N)?
He sent the first message, waiting patiently for him to finish texting you as he left you on edge.

Today 7:59 AM
They don't own you. Who are they to say who you can and cannot hang out with, you're your own person after all. It's your choice.
You weren’t too sure what to say…the subject soon changed anyway as he sent you another text.

Today 7:59 AM
I like the music btw nerd - when I'm your familiar can we be called the Starlight Brigade? <3
As you were freed from the confines of the coach and set free into Seaworld, Idate’s words ate at the back of your mind. Lil’s arm around yours as you strolled behind Satanick and Idate. Kyou and Aconita had wandered off together like the cute couple they were and now you were watching the bromance unfold between the Devil and the orca. Idate had his face pressed against the glass, both hands beside him as he glared into the tank.

“You know I’m sure this is animal cruelty…” Idate purred, gaze not shifting from fish for a split second - Satanick hung over his shoulder.

“It is if they have to see your ugly mug.” Lil commented coldly, Idate finally peeling his gaze from the tank and casting daggers her way.

“It’s because they’re like little snacks Lil.” He growled. It was then that Satanick giggled to himself. He pushed himself back and slapped Idate’s arse suddenly – the orca twirling around in shock, hands on his rear.

“Oh don’t listen to Lil,” Satanick soothed, “the only snack here is you.” You heard Lil mutter something under her breath in disappointment as Idate gave Satanick a toothy grin.

“No-ho-ho…” Idate chuckled, Satanick matching the orca’s grin as Idate stepped ever so closer to him, “I think you got our roles mixed up a bit there.”

“I did?” Satanick asked innocently, a hand covering his mouth in mock surprise. Idate nod simply and next thing you knew, Satanick was running for his life as Idate chased him down with the intentions of eating him alive. Yet…you didn’t laugh, a weak smile lining your lips as Lil quickly fell silent.

“Are you okay (Y/N)?” She asked quietly. You met her eye to see them clouded with concern.

“I’m fine Lil…” you reassured her, a bit embarrassed to have been caught out like you had, “it’s just those two idiots.” You didn’t know how to finish your sentence so you left it at that, the succubus smiling at you as she agreed with her own interpretation of your words…her gaze following yours to Idate. The succubus sharing in your feeling of warmth as she put two and two together: the slight hint of red on your cheeks, the vacant look in your eyes that somehow focused on him…if she didn’t know better she’d say you were in love. Not that she mentioned this of course, not now anyway...

You stood by Idate as he once again found himself being accosted by the staff, not in a bad way naturally, they we’re just complimenting him on his hair and asking how he got the markings to be so neat and precise. A sudden elbow startling you, you went to complain when he winked at you.

“(Y/N) here helps me with it all so if anybody deserves the praise it’s her.” You suddenly burnt a bright red as the staff pounced on you with their kind words. Idate finding your embarrassment as amusing as ever as you replicated the story he’d told before about how you got the orca markings so neat. When you were finally freed he was still wetting himself.

“What was that for?” You muttered under your breath to make sure they didn’t hear.

“You looked down.” He shrugged idly. “I thought it might cheer you up a bit to have a couple of handsome guys fawning over you.” You frowned, knuckling him playfully on the arm.

“I was daydreaming!” You whined. “I was quite happy without them!”

“Couldn’t have been that good a daydream then…next time I won’t be so kind then if you want to be so rude. I’ll get Satanick to do it instead.”

“I’d rather drown than have Satanick flirt with me.” Idate let out a hum, scooting closer to you as he did.

“Would you really?” He purred. “I’ll make sure to tell him that.” You didn’t care. You’d tell Satanick yourself – reunited with Lil and the Devil shortly and enjoying your time looking at the different sea creatures: jellyfish, big fish, seahorses and more…you’d eventually lost track of time and found your stomach growling. Lil had suggested you went to get lunch after that and you found snacks that didn’t come in tanks…Satanick and Idate were entertaining themselves with something, the disheartened Devil having given up his attempts at flirting with you after you’d confirmed what Idate had told him. Lil was on her phone texting only God knows who and you were watching the world go by. You didn’t return to reality until Satanick and Idate got up, saying they were heading to the toilets before vanishing off…Lil let out a sigh, raising an eyebrow at you.

“Do you have any idea what they’re up to?” She inquired but you shook your head.

“No clue.” Lil groaned, her head in her arms as she checked the time on her phone. When she checked again ten minutes later the pair still hadn’t returned…Lil giving you a nudge and telling you that it was probably best that you both head off to do some more looking around before you spent the whole day waiting for them. And so you did, strolling once more around the site when Satanick finally caught up to you, wheeling both of you around and back the way you came with a simple declaration.

“Don’t you guys wanna watch the orca show?” And it was at that moment that you realised Idate was missing.

You sat on the front row of seat close to the water…a fence separating you from the tank. Idate was gone and Satanick had only mysteriously said that’d he’d be arriving at some point. It wasn’t like you were dumb though, Lil having scolded Satanick despite her amusement. He’d released the other orca back into the sea apparently and you could already hear the news reports of sudden orca sightings and the poor food chain crumbling. You had to say, the idea of Idate being in the show was pretty funny and you had to commend them both on what you could only presume was a spur of the moment stroke of genius on their behalf yet…you were also worried sick. So you weren’t a golden child but the idea of having Idate in the show also made you panic…a lot. Surely it would be unheard of yes, for somebody to break in and replace the original orca, but also…be illegal? In some way, shape or form? Trespassing definitely had to have been involved in their plan if Idate was now the star of the show. Plus the previous orca would have classed as property and…now it was swimming free in the sea – a happy thought albeit. You supposed it didn’t really matter though if you’d all be going to a different world at the end of the day but you dread the thought of having to explain why you were arrested on Earth to your Mother. A sickening feeling had settled in your stomach and apparently it showed on your face…wedged between Satanick and Lil, the latter of the two having noticed your pale face.

“Are you nervous honey?” She chirped, Satanick catching on and turning to face the pair of you.

“Yeah I’m fine, why would I be nervous?” You replied blunted, one of Lil’s eyebrows twitching upwards as she smirked.

“Because you have a crush on Idate…he’ll perform well sweetie – he’s no good at taking orders but if he can impress a girl in the process, I’m sure he’d do anything.” Satanick gasped.

“You like Idate (Y/N)?” He quickly exclaimed, making you flinch as you felt a few pair of eyes land on your group. His whole expression stumped in a split second as he tilt his head.

“But Idate likes Rocma Lil…” he added, not giving you a chance to defend yourself as he folded his arms with a scowl. “It’s mean to give poor (Y/N) false hope like that!”

“What!” Lil whined. “You know he’d be up for a fling!”

“You said so yourself, (Y/N) is too frigid for that – you’d want a proper relationship wouldn’t you (Y/N)?” You nod, about to add that you didn’t want to date Idate.

“See!” He exclaimed, tugging you into a hug and stroking your hair. “Leave her alone.” Lil scoffed, ignoring the Devil as Satanick kept you close to him, glaring at the succubus…his gaze softening once it reached you.

“If you really wanted to date him though (Y/N)…I’m sure if you showed a little dominance he might take a shine to you. He likes it when girls are feisty. I’m sure a punch in the face would suffice enough to get you going although…” he trailed off, scratching his nose awkwardly as he blushed, “he’d get you back so you’d have to be prepared for that. I’m a lot nicer you know (Y/N)…if you wanted a sweet little relationship I wouldn’t mind keeping myself all for you just for a little bit-ow-ow-ow!” His offer was cut short as Lil reached around you and started beating the Devil off you.

“Don’t have a go at me then try to get into her pants yourself you bastard!” She cried as you slid down in your seat, eager to avoid the punches. Only mentioning that you didn’t like Idate once things had settled, earning one, simultaneous comment from the pair of them.

“Don’t lie.” There was no arguing with the pair of them…your anxiety only increasing when the show actually began. You had to say, you almost laughed when the orca they thought belonged to them was finally brought in and…as they were explaining what it would be doing – swam straight over to the three of you, nose stuck out the water as it called out to you…no gruff human voice, just high-pitched clicking…a faint smile tracing your lips as Satanick cheerfully greeted Idate, Lil giving you a nudge as the presenter spoke.

“I think he likes you.” She joked, pulling out her phone and snapping a picture of Idate who quickly went back beneath the surface. If he could have spoke he would have done but…that’d just give away the surprise, he thought – swimming lazily back to the presenter…poor (Y/N) stuck up there with those two though. He’d heard what Lil said, grumbling to himself as he pictured (Y/N)’s bashful face…he liked it when she looked all embarrassed like that – it was cute. He knew if they were bullying her too then she either liked him like that or they thought she did. It was hit and miss with guessing like that but…he didn’t mind the thought of her being his. A shy little toy – she was almost like Shirogane in that sense but she actually spoke to him. She sought him out despite knowing it would get her in trouble with her friends…the presenter interrupted his fantasies as he was quickly told what to do...the orca doing as required…the crowd enjoying his little show. Satanick in particular – Idate having to stifle his laughter as he heard the words: ‘do a flip’ being yelled at him from the benches. The presenter engaged with the audience precipitation and soon Idate was living up to Satanick’s whims, the orca already plotting his revenge. In the end though, he grew bored…swimming up to the edge of the tank where they were and rising out, calling to them in a foreign tongue to them. The presenter’s calls to him falling on deaf ears as he tried to communicate with the group.

“What do you want boy?” Satanick cooed. “A fuss?”

“A photo?”

“Some food?” Satanick and Lil’s suggestions weren’t close, pressing his nose against the glass of the fence at her. It took a few more attempts and orca calls but the second he said her name he fell silent, a grin spreading across Satanick’s face as hers dropped in horror.

“You want her to swim with you?” He did a little flip just to solidify his response. You barely had time to react, Satanick’s arms fastening themselves around your waist. Lil giggling to herself as the audience and presenter watched in horror as you were lift up, took over to the fence and throw into the tank – a deep breath all you managed as you hit the water. Able to hear the chaos that broke out above…exclaiming in horror as you felt a sharp pressure press against your chest and back, eyes opening to see Idate had taken you in his mouth. He told you what to do as he took you to the surface…another mouthful of air greedily taken into your mouth before he took you back under, freeing your from his grasp much to your relief as you float there, Idate circling around and pressing his nose into your belly. You would have laughed if you could, nervous as hell but as you hugged his front he reassured you it was okay.

“I figured you needed some training!” He exclaimed, able to speak freely beneath the water. “You should be able to ride me if I’m going to be your familiar so get on.” The way your face burnt up could have turned the whole tank into a Jacuzzi…swimming up and taking his dorsal fin, you straddled his sides as he rose out the water. You pant, wiping the water from your face as the orca playfully blew it into the air and only showering you more. You could hear Satanick’s wild laughter as he’d ran from security in the stands – yelling at Idate to do a flip, your heart sinking as the orca followed one last request, the staff freaking out as you were once again taken underwater. Bracing yourself for whatever came next – although, as you were propelled from the water, barely able to keep yourself on his back…you laughed – Satanick having stopped as he held his phone in the air, the sound of a dixie horn echoing throughout the stadium as Lil cheered you on. You laughed even as the flip happened…feeling yourself fall from the orca’s back as your hands slipped from his fin. Whilst you fell straight down, he landed some distance from you, wasting no time in swimming around to you again and nuzzling you.

The show continued for an impressive ten minutes after you fell in…the staff unable to get you away from Idate, Satanick being taken away from security and Lil being left to rescue the captured and penned Idate from his watery tank whilst you were taken off to the staff room to dry. Since the staff didn’t know it was him, as the Tatsumyia and Artamos laid into Satanick, Idate was allowed to see you in the staff room. Rumours about a missing orca flying around said room already as Idate sat with you, kicking his legs lazily as he grinned at you and the cup of tea in your hand. He wasn’t wet the lucky so and so, your clothes on the radiator and you wore some spare kit…

“Take all the time you need honey.” The manager soothed, as you offered him a weak smile. The manager then giving a nod to Idate, who burst into laughter as the room was cleared.

“Do they have food in here?” He asked and you shrugged.

“Dunno.” He got up, doing a bit of scouting and returning with a couple of biscuits, offering you one as he plopped down beside you.

“Take it.” He soothed. “You know we should do that more often.”

“I think I’ve had enough excitement for one life-time.” You sighed, Idate groaning as he hung his head back.

“Oh come on (Y/N)! Don’t be a bore…” he lent up once more, waiting for you to put down your tea, biscuit hung from your lips, “you know you’ve got to know how to handle me if right if you want me to be your familiar…” You’d almost chocked as he rest his chin on your shoulder, smiling sweetly at you as he stole back the biscuit. A whimper escaping you as you held onto what you could, the orca eating the rest.

“You’re meant to feed me too, not the other way around…although, I suppose out in the sea I can catch my own food…” he sighed, sitting up straight and happily tucking into your biscuit. “I hope you can swim fast (Y/N).”

“I don’t think it’s customary to eat your witch Idate.” You huffed, a sly look crossing his eyes.

“I can try.” He chuckled and bopped you on the nose. You didn’t say anything, giving a one-sided smile as you couldn’t bring yourself to meet his gaze. The orca made up the other half of the smile as he watched you from the corner of his eye then, giving you a light tap, motioned to the tea.

“Drink up. I wanna get going before the teachers find any proof to confirm that I was involved with the incident.” You did as you were told…finishing up so you could all go home – the trip cut short thanks to Satanick’s stupidity. Needless to say he was suspended for a month, Idate getting out free despite the suspicions around him since there was no definite proof the orca had been him…even if the other one had vanished. And without his best friend to bother at school, you very quickly became the focus of Idate’s attention.

~

‘Dear diary,

I still can’t do any magic. None. None at all. You’d think after maybe a month or so I’d show improvement but it’s been so much longer than that and I’m still shit at it. I suppose it could be worse. Means I’m never having Idate as my familiar. After the month I’ve had I suppose I can be happy about that…any time I’ve tried to go to my dorm he’s always tackled me at the door. I’m being dragged off to sit with him pretty much every day now at lunch and Yuki and Shiro are mad about it. I’ve told them it’s only because Satanick is gone and it’ll calm down when he’s back but to be honest, and as cruel as it sounds…with them getting so mad at me I only want to hang out with him more. I mean, I can choose what to do. Sure he may be a dick but I like him. I really like him. My other classes are going well at the very least, I’m certain P.E. will kill me one of these days for sure though. I dunno. I just feel torn.

Anyway, I’ve been rambling on for too long about nothing,

Goodnight xx’ As you put down the pen you glared at your phone, trying to ignore the fact that you had messages. Even if you liked hanging out with him…you tried to repress the other feelings that’d started sprouting of late…because in a sense you knew, that was going too far…you’d lose Yukisada and Shirogane. But…you couldn’t help how you felt – you thought, scooping up your phone to respond.
Satanick was coming back in a few days and it’d all be over.

The dining hall had been quiet…had been – Yukisada, Shirogane and yourself all eating your lunch. You chat and joked and everything was perfect, even if deep down inside you knew in about twenty minutes you’d have to retrieve your P.E. kit and gain an orca friend in the process. That had meant to have been twenty minutes from the current time, not, right at that second. Idate had boldly strode into the hall – except, he wasn’t looking for you, although he made a mental note at where you were. He strode directly over to Rocma – the polar bear immediately on her feet as he rest his hand on the table in front of her…your group watching on with a few others as you saw the first signs of the inevitable conflict begin. You hadn’t heard what he said but as he smiled, Rocma raised her fist. And – in a second, the hall fell silent as she hit him around the face. He’d staggered back, holding his nose – meeting your eyes for a second as you felt yourself shiver…the look he gave you making you feel like prey. Except, he flew for Rocma, having never seen such ferocity in your life as the pair tore at each other. It didn’t take a teacher to break it up, it ended on its own…Idate backing down as he smirked at the Rocma, telling her he’d surrendered. With that, she watched, ready to attack him at a moment’s notice as he slunk away from her and her friends…your face going red as he bee-lined straight for you. His peppiness returning despite the way his face poured with blood.

“I don’t think she likes me…” he joked, but you weren’t laughing. Yukisada silent as Shirogane cowered in his seat, the orca smiling at them as he rest a hand on your shoulder.

“Oh don’t look so scared…you know I wouldn’t touch you with (Y/N) here…” he sighed, “keep looking as cute as that though Shirogane and I might.” You’d never quite seen how scared they really were of him until that moment, guilt welling up inside you as Idate hung over your shoulder playfully.

“I just need to borrow my little witch for a few seconds to heal me…I’ll bring her right back after, promise.” You didn’t have much choice in the matter as his nails dug into your shoulder, but you rose anyway – you had to get him away from them…having never felt so much shame as half the hall watched you exit with the beaten orca. He led you to an empty classroom where you were left to fend for yourself with your makeshift first aid kit…paper towels galore. He winced as you cleaned up his face, the orca silent as you worked. He could see how angry you were, just waiting for you to blow as you slowly wiped away all the blood on his face.

“You know I’m fine hanging around you Idate but don’t talk to Yukisada or Shirogane like that ever again.” There she went.

“Or else what (Y/N)? You’ll fight me?” He scoffed, watching as held herself together.

“No…” she trailed off as she picked her next words carefully, “there’s nothing I could do but we won’t get along if you pick on my friends like that.”

“I thought I was your friend too (Y/N)?” He cooed, pressing his cheek into her touch only for her to remove her hand. “You chose to be my friend despite knowing what I’ve done to them in the past…” You didn’t respond, angry at yourself too. You just continued to clean him up.

“Why don’t we fight (Y/N)?”

“You’d win. Where’s the fun in it for you?” She hissed, gaze travelling to his tail as she made a ‘tch-ing’ sound between her teeth and took a fresh paper towel.

“I’d get to see your - ah geez…” he trailed off, body tensing as she rest the towel on his tail to soak up the blood – a particularly sharp sting the least of his concern, “I’d get to see your cute little face drowning in tears…” She stopped what she was doing, fingers barely grazing the smooth flesh of his tail and making him shiver as he lift his head with a smirk.

“You’re sick.” She growled.

“Ha, I may be…” he chuckled lightly, glancing over his shoulder, “how about you stop that now though, hey?”

“Why, because you’d rather get in a scrap than let me help you?” She hissed, tossing daggers at him but he shook his head.

“My tail’s rather delicate (Y/N)...” he hummed, “it turns me on.” She stopped in an instant, removing the towel and going to take it to the bin when he shot out and took her wrist. You’d seized up, staring in horror at your wrist…gaze slowly creeping up his arm until you met his gaze, a drunk look in his eye as his grip tightened around you.

“The look on your face doesn’t help you know…” he cooed, yanking you closer as tried to free yourself. Not much use as you were swept into a tight embrace from behind, the orca pulling you onto his lap as he rest his head against your shoulder like he had done on Earth…except this time he was certain how he felt about her. He didn’t want Rocma anymore…their little fight had shown him he didn’t care about her anymore…but to have (Y/N) struggling on his lap.

“You know (Y/N)…I was hoping that even if I don’t become your familiar we could still be friends…” he soothed as you tried to wrench his hands from around your waist, “what I’d really like though was if you’d be mine…” you stopped struggling somewhat at these words, eyes pricking with tears as you were caught between anger, fear and the affection you felt for him. He noticed that you’d eased up…smiling to himself as he nuzzled into your neck some more. His lips grazing your skin as you held onto his arms.

“You don’t have to give up, you know (Y/N)…keep fighting a little more and you might get laid…” he chuckled, the heat you felt on your neck next making you whimper. His grip only tightened at this, a stifled moan following. There were too many thoughts running through your mind to focus, the orca that was busily kissing your neck didn’t help either…you wanted everything he was offering you but you hated him enough to kill him…yet you knew you couldn’t stay mad at him. You couldn’t do it though, it was too far – you didn’t want to upset Yukisada and Shirogane even if you did like him…he slid a hand up your front, as you straddled him backwards…losing yourself momentarily as he squeezed and kneaded on your concealed breast.

“I think we should honour this moment…” he soothed, hand continuing upwards as he pressed two digits against your soon parted lips. He let out a half-moan, half-hum like sound that rumbled in the back of his throat as you willingly sucked on his fingers. Your tongue curled around them, pressed against the tips with each suck – Idate’s other hand loosening the grip around your waist…loosening your tie and unfastening the top couple of buttons on your shirt, he brushed it aside along with your vest…revealing a nice path of soft flesh from your neck to the top of your arm, the collar slightly choking you on the other side as you felt the heat between your legs. He left a trail of kisses from your abused neck, making his way down to the crook where he drew his tongue across you with a smirk. Then, he opened his mouth – and fastened his teeth around the spot he’d mapped out in saliva – a scream tearing through your throat for all about a second until your own teeth were fastened down on his fingers…a metallic taste filling your mouth…although the amount of blood that spilt from your lips was nothing compared to what spilt from your shoulder.

Tears streamed down her face as he lent back, finding that she as once again desperate to get away from him, able to do so this time since she was no longer in his arms. She’d spat out his fingers and barely gave him a chance to lap any of the blood from her wound before she’d hit the wall…eyes wide in fear as she gipped her shoulder tight.

“What the fuck!” She howled as he licked his lips…flexing his bitten fingers and savouring the pain.

“I was just marking you (Y/N)…think of it as our contract.” He sighed. “Besides – I’ve always wanted to know what human tastes like.”

“Contract?” She repeated. “My taste? You know what, Yukisada and Shirogane were right! You’re a jerk!”

“Oh you were all up for it (Y/N)…” he huffed, “it’s just one bite, if you come back I won’t have to be rough with you.”

“No!” She barked, quickly tugging her shirt over her shoulder, the pristine white colour fading to red.

“Go fuck yourself!” With that, she stormed off…leaving him all alone.

You hadn’t known where to go…to your friends, you couldn’t – if you went to the toilets then somebody would find you – hastily making your way to your dorms as you cried, gripping your shoulder all the way to try and stop the bleeding, hide it at the very least…oblivious to Lil’s watchful eye as she spot you…saw how upset you were.

“What, oh what have you done you idiot…” she sighed to herself. You hid away in your dorm for the rest of the day. You didn’t answer your phone and you didn’t go down for lesson or tea. Your first port of call had been to tend to the bite, washing it with water from the shower which you proceeded to lay down in and cry some more. After an unknown amount of time, you’d fished yourself from the tub and dried yourself off…scowling at the teeth marks in the mirror. To think you liked him – that you would have happily let him take you in that classroom. You should have listened to your friends. If you had then nobody would be upset now…an empty feeling in your chest as night fell…your stomach growling as you checked the time to see missed messages from Yukisada, Shirogane, Lil and Idate – the last name making you put down your phone once more. Finally crying yourself to sleep. They were silent for the most part when you went down for breakfast in the morning…Yukisada having spotted love bite on your neck, not the teeth marks, but the other mark he’d left. He’d also noted the solemn expression on your face…Shirogane the first to ask.

“(Y/N) are you okay?” You’d looked up, expression only shifting to one that was undeniably sadder.

“Yeah…” you muttered, too tired to eat as you pushed aside your tray, “I’m fine.” There was the guilt again, averting your gaze as you spoke again.

“I’m sorry I never listened to you guys…” you trailed off, Yukisada reassuring you quickly as he offered you a weak smile.

“It’s alright (Y/N)…did he…do anything to you?” He asked hesitantly. You shook your head, Lil watching from her table with Anten as you rubbed your shoulder, quickly wincing as you felt one of the marks reopen…warmth seeping through into your shirt. She watched as you excused yourself from the table and returned to your dorm, the succubus rising too and following on after you. You made it back to your dorm, removing your tie and vest and shirt too as you found a flannel, wet it and pressed it against your shoulder. You’d put some music on in the background in an attempt to draw your mind away from the pain but the auto play got the better of you.

~This world can hurt you. It cuts you deep and leaves a scar. Things fall apart, but nothing breaks like a heart. And nothing breaks like a heart.~ You couldn’t be bothered to change it…a sharp knock at the door making you curse.

“Who is it?” You called.

“Lil, are you alright darling?” You hesitated…rising and heading for the door, pulling it open a crack to see her.

“Yeah, why?” She raised the visible eyebrow.

“Clearly not honey…come on let me in…I wanted to talk to you about something…” you sighed, stepping back and letting her in, the succubus holding back the flirtatious comment she wanted to make at your lack of shirt. With the door closed behind her, she sat beside you on the bed, reaching for the flannel and insisting when you refused to let her take it.

“Oh God…” she soothed, peeling it back to see the wound, a diluted red seeping from it, “I knew the fucker had hurt you.” She hissed suddenly. You didn’t speak, the succubus removing the flannel completely and placing her hand over the wound.

“I’m not great at healing magic but…” she trailed off as you felt a strange warmth around your shoulder, “I should be able to seal it.” When she lift her hand and wiped away any remaining blood there was only a scar.

“Thanks.” You managed, but it didn’t help how you felt. “What did you want to talk to me about?”

“Idate.” She said simply, taking the flannel and returning it to the bathroom. “I know you probably don’t wanna but…it seems nobody else is going to explain anything to you.”

“What do you mean?” You asked, the succubus scowling at your tone.

“No need to get defensive…” she huffed, “look, (Y/N)…you’re human. That means you only understand human things, for the most part anyway.” You let her speak but weren’t happy with where it was going already.

“Idate…isn’t the most romantic person. Depending on what angle you look at it from though, he could be insanely charming…Devil’s eat each other’s hearts you know if they love each other. Rip them out still beating and offer them to one another, it’s not uncommon for demons to do this either and it usually kills them – it’s the ultimate sign of love to them.” You still weren’t happy, listening like a scolded child.

“How did you get that mark?”

“He bit me.”

“I know he bit you numpty, what were you doing when he did?” You flushed, the succubus chuckling lightly.

“He was kissing me…” you muttered, Lil offering you a warm smile as she ran her fingers along the mark.

“Then consider it a blessing he didn’t take a chunk out of you.” She stated boldly.

“He likes you, a lot. He just has a different way of showing it to most.” Your lack of response prompted her to dig further.

“Do you still like him?” Your silence said everything, the succubus letting out a sigh as she pulled you into a hug.

“I know he’s a jerk…but that bite…that’s the worst of it over (Y/N). That’s just him saying that you’re his. I know it hurt and I know you probably think he’s only trying to eat you, but I promise you he genuinely likes you.”

“I can’t date him though Lil!” You exclaimed. “My friends-”

“Aren’t I your friend?” She interrupted hastily. “Satanick is your friend. Anten likes you, Kyou and Aconita do…who’s to say what you can and can’t do (Y/N)? If you want to date Idate then go for it! You have friends here. If you’d rather stay with your other friends then that’s your choice too. Nobody tells you what to do…” another silence followed as she pulled you onto her shoulder and embraced you.

“Not that I’m trying to sway your decision or anything,” she sighed. “But Idate hates the idea of relationships as much as he hates the idea of being somebodies familiar and he’s offered himself to you in both senses…besides, I’d like to see more of your cute butt around.” Her last comment made you snort in laughter.

“Okay okay…” you chirped, pushing yourself away from her and trying not to laugh anymore, “I’ll think about it.”

“Think about it!” Lil exclaimed. You nod, a sly smirk crossing your lips. Lil eyeing you cautiously as she too smirked. “Fine…I’ll tell him off again, but…I look forward to seeing you around, now get dressed or you’ll summon Satanick.” You suddenly felt better. Lil leaving you to contemplate your next move. So you were sore, in more ways than one. You didn’t want to upset Yukisada and Shirogane…yet you pictured a day where Idate was your familiar and he couldn’t touch either of them. You pictured yourself as a couple…thinking about soothing your heart. That didn’t mean you were going to give him an easy time though, oh no. Satanick was due back in four days’ time and that seemed like plenty to drive the orca up the wall. He glared at you in Magic…sat opposite him as you ignored everything, down to the failed attempt at playing footsie…allowing him to keep his legs resting against yours rather than fight him. You did this every day. You went over to say hi to Lil at lunches after getting your P.E. kit, having completely blanked Idate from the dorms over to his group. You did that every day too. You ignored every text…except the ones from Lil:

Today 12:34 PM
It looks like somebodies playing hard to get xxxxx <3 >:DMaybe ^^ xxx <3Delivered
She knew it. You knew it. And it was damn fun... Having found yourself actually enjoying your game a fair bit…the fourth day providing extra excitement. Pencilling in the last lines of your story, you almost wiped the sweat from your brow. It was done – a wave of satisfaction crashing over you in all you a blissful moment of joy. Then of course, came the anxiety of presenting…and another stronger fear when once you’d finished, returning the classroom to its previous state and leaving…before finally...satisfaction.

“Hellooo.” The orca sang. You ignored him of course. He almost saw it as a game himself now since he knew, Lil having spilt the beans on why you'd been acting so shy…

“You look as gorgeous as ever too…” Ever since then, the threats and hostility had died down. For the most part anyway; the orca wrapping his arm around yours and holding you close.

“What I wouldn’t give to tear you apart…shame you’re mute or I’d be able to hear your lovely screams too.” He purred. The sudden appearance wouldn’t be the last either. The next day he visited you again afterwards however you weren’t alone. Satanick back, filled in on the latest details in the saga of your love according to Lil…the pair of them watching from around the corner. The Devil not as sly as the succubus as he watched the orca flirt away…his jaw falling slack at the sight of the orca flirting away with her – it wasn’t like he’d never seen Idate flirt it was just – they were so perfect together, Idate was being so nice…he couldn’t believe it.

“Orca’s have matriarchies (Y/N)!” He called suddenly, startling the pair of you as you both turned.

“He needs stability in his life!” The Devil added, Idate caught between anger and amusement as he shouted back.

“I’ll show you unstable if you don’t fuck off!” He barked, laughter slipping past your defences as he turned to you with sudden joy. “Was it something I said…is there something you want to share with the whole class.” He emphasised the last two words, casting a foul look in the direction of the other love-birds…leading you off as you kept up your act…finally wondering if it was time to let go. Your mind made up when it was announced that Species Appreciation Day would be occurring on the Monday…the weekend the last bit of punishment you’d make him endure…you had your outfit together…and you were ready for karaoke with the usual suspects after school. You weren’t the only one who received the silent treatment however, passing your compliments to Satanick as you entered form to see him dressed in a three inch thick, fur bunny suit…horns stuck in the ear slots to prop them up…Artamos not too amused – Idate as human as ever as you smiled at him. Yukisada completely ignoring you as you took your seat beside him, complimenting him too on his wolf costume…

You on the other hand, were a seal…in a full blown seal onesie.

“So…” Lil soothed, her head resting on your lap at break, toying with the zip on your suit, “if I pulled this down you’d be wearing nothing underneath right?”

“Do you think I don’t wear a bra?” You inquired, Lil shrugging.

“No I know you do remember silly…they’re nice ones too…I just thought you might have put a shirt on underneath or something.” Satanick had been listening from the mention of bra, definitely interested at the fact that Lil knew what yours looked like.

“Can I see?” Satanick purred, Idate’s hand falling on one of his horns and yanking him back.

“You can see mine.” He hummed, Satanick grinning at the orca as his head awkwardly fell against his chest, horns too big to really say that it happened comfortably.

“Oh, but I already have…” you worried about them sometimes, your face flushing as your gaze met Idate’s, the orca smiling at you. The day came to a close and you were hyped for the karaoke. Satanick and Lil both said they’d meet you there. The dress code had been smart so…you put on something more suitable for going out in, just a cute summer dress. It had a V neck but nothing too extreme with Satanick present, or Idate for that matter…the fabric (F/C) silk and flowed nicely, not too long and not too short either on the leg…grabbing a jacket and slipping on some shoes you hid the bite mark. Bag slung over your shoulder, you ran the brush through your hair once more before leaving. You had to follow your phone to get there…but eventually you made it to the karaoke bar, asking for the room under Lil’s name and being pointed in the direction of it. The halls smelt of booze and smoke but you didn’t care. The room you were in anyway was clouded with the stuff as Idate sat slouched on one of the sofa’s…a smile spreading across his lips as he took another drag on his cigarette.

“Hi (Y/N)…” he soothed, the first person to arrive it seemed, “we have orders.” You were confused at first, but as you saw the note on the table you soon realised what he was on about: sitting with a light bounce as the orca watched your reaction keenly.

‘Dearest Idate and (Y/N),

Tonight is the big night! You have the karaoke room for an hour, use it wisely, but no clean up bills please – oh and drinks are free – that bill we’re paying.’ The handwriting alternated between two. ‘You have a table reserved for each other at a fancy restaurant which a taxi will take you to after the hour. Then there’s a room reserved for you at-’ You stopped reading. Face bright red as you looked up at Idate, the orca giving you an awkward smile…your gaze snapping back to the letter at the mass of innuendos and lewd drawings that’d been scrawled from there on in…they’d even gotten you a day off school so you could lie in for as long as you wanted…to say your heart was in your mouth was an understatement.

‘Idate! No biting unless you have permission. No fighting unless you have permission. Be a gentleman until you have permission for anything – gentleman. (Y/N)! Talk to him. Have fun. Thank us later when you have adorable children together!

Release all that frustration,

Satanick & Lil xxx’ Some bits had been crossed out accordingly, or rather, scribbled into non-existence. If they’d paid for it all already as well…then there was no backing out, not that you wanted to…but it all seemed a little much. Expensive too, you mused.

“Well.” You sighed.

“Well indeed.” Idate chuckled. “I’m surprised you’re speaking to me actually…out of all the times you’ve ignored me the one time you should be speechless is now.”

“Who said I was talking to you?” You chirped, the orca averting his gaze with a smirk.

“You got me there…how about you introduce me to your other friend then?” He hummed, making you chuckle as you placed aside the note. Then, with a sigh, you put your bag aside and slipped off your jacket.

“Well he’s very nice…” you sighed, “I don’t think you’d like him though.”

“Oh…” was all Idate said as he lent forwards, gaze focused on your shoulder. Your hand slipped to the bite mark sheepishly, gaze averted as he rose. As he fell down beside you, you met his eye – face burning up as your admired the suit he was wearing. He definitely got the memo it seemed, a hand reaching for yours and he guide it from the bite.

“Did you heal it or somebody else?”

“Lil…I still can’t do any magic.” You told him, the orca smiling at this.

“No problems there…” he soothed, scowling somewhat as he stroked the mark carefully, “sorry.” You laughed, not the reaction he was expecting apparently.

“Just give me a little warning next time okay?” His smile returned – almost grinning as you continued. “And you have permission to be yourself…sorry for ignoring you.” He shook his head, what looked like a light blush having risen on his cheeks.

“Thanks…now that you’ll actually respond to me though…would you go out with me (Y/N)?”

“Yes I would.” You purred – Idate’s hand lingering on your shoulder as he lent into you with a smirk, the hunger in his eyes unnerving to anybody but you. When your lips met, you let your arms wrap around his neck. The orca didn’t need pulling closer though as his hand slipped to your own neck, holding it tight in his grasp as he pressed harder against your lips. One kiss turned to two and pretty soon he was biting at your bottom lip in an attempt to get you to open up, something you didn’t think twice about. As your tongues met you let out a happy little mewl, Idate only kissing harder at this. The taste of cigarette smoke almost filled your mouth better than he did as your saliva mixed…his other hand reached your waist and pushed you back lightly the second your fingers reached his dorsal fin.

“I forgot to ask if you wanted a drink…” he hummed, voice mellow.

“Yes please…” you muttered bashfully, regretting your decision as he gave you one last desperate kiss before going to fetch you both something to drink. It was alcoholic, the orca baffled to find out back on Earth you weren’t old enough to drink yet…reminding you that you were no longer there and motioning to the letter and declaring that you could do whatever you wanted since you had been ordered to have fun. So, you stayed in the karaoke booth for an hour, chatting away with the orca, a couple of songs sung and enough drinks drunk to make you feel slightly dizzy. It felt surreal as he led you out to the taxi…even more so as you arrived at the restaurant – Idate’s jaw slack as he caught a glimpse of it.

“But I’m too poor to go in there…” you heard him whimper, the feeling mutual as you sat at your table, glancing around at all the well-dressed individuals and feeling out of place despite your own fancy attire. You could care less though when you got the food, trying not to pay attention to the prices since they made you feel sick…although…it taste good. You couldn’t deny that. When you’d had your fill there was only one more thing left to do on the list…no taxi to pick you up this time as Idate tried to navigate around the posher parts of the town. When you made it to the door though you only felt your heart sink – you owed Lil and Satanick you soul by this point in the evening. If white pillars on the front steps you’d climbed to reach the gold encrusted doors.

“Flashy…” Idate muttered, giving you a nudge as you reached the reception and leaning into your ear, “let’s tear this place up.” You shot him a frown as you were greeted by a receptionist who handed you your keys and pointed you in the direction of your room. Singular. You knew you would have been sharing a room with him but as he saw the embarrassment creep up onto your face he decided to make it worse – a yelp escaping your lips as he took you by the waist and swept you off the ground.

“Kind of feels like we’ve just gotten married.” He huffed. Your hands crept around his neck as he opted for the stairs instead of the elevator, merrily skipping up them effortlessly. You weren’t too keen on being shaken as such but you enjoyed the ride…the orca carrying you all the way to your room.

“Hey you know what happens when people get married right?” He hummed, allowing your feet to touch the ground as he fastened himself securely to your back, nuzzling into your neck playfully.

“They get divorced?”

“Too far ahead…” he chuckled, “on the night they marry you idiot.” You played dumb, shrugging him off as you got the door open and slipped inside, the orca blindly stumbling after you like he was in heat or something…although…as you both stood in awe at the room he soon disappeared – more eager to explore than you. You were too scared to touch anything. It looked like it cost more than you’d ever earn in your life, then your children’s, then the generation after that – you’d forever put your family name in debt. You heard a loud gasp coming from another room…Idate’s head appearing from around the corner as he beamed.

“The bath is freakin’ huge!” He exclaimed. You were quick to see for yourself, heart skipping a beat at the spa – it wasn’t even a tub – the floor legitimately just opened up into a pool…a pool.

“Are you sure that’s the bath?” You managed. He didn’t speak as you left the room momentarily…there was the bedroom which seemed to also merge into a living room and…no other rooms other than a balcony which overlooked the town…tiny little flecks of light beneath you. You probably would have been able to see the school if you were facing the right way. Still though…no bathroom which meant – there was a loud splash and you couldn’t help but snigger, closing the door to the balcony and directing your attention towards the bathroom. Curiosity got the better of you and crept towards the bathroom, peering in to see Idate had thrown his clothes off and hopped into the pool without a second thought. A dorsal fin sticking out of the water as he swam…your face flushing as he resurfaced and spun around…a smirk sprawled across his features as he swam towards the edge.

“Just gonna stand there and admire me or are you going to get in?” You had noted the boxers beside his jeans and felt yourself flush. Inching closer to the edge however, you toyed with the idea…Idate looking up at your curiously as you crouched in front of him. He reached up, offering you his hand...an action bore such innocence and yet…as you took his hand you whole body lurched forwards from the sudden force the started…from your hand. You’d barely had to time to take in any air before you hit the water – eyes closed and cheeks puffed out as you went under. When you heard his laughter you tried to open your eyes a bit, stinging slightly but it was worth it to see the expression on his face. Although, they were soon closed again as he held you close – pecking you on the lips before bringing you up for air. You could breathe, holding onto the orca like you were going to drown…grip only tightening at the embarrassment you felt as you felt his smooth skin beneath your palm, the toned muscle of his body as he pressed it against yours…how very naked he was.

“Jerk…” you muttered, Idate giggling to himself as he shrugged idly.

“Damn right I am…now how about you bathe like a normal person and take off those clothes?” He chirped. “Or would you rather I rip them off?”

“Not unless you’re intending on calling Satanick or Lil to bring me more clothes in the morning.” You hissed, reaching for your sides and grabbing two handfuls of the soaking wet dress that was soon hauled over your head. It landed with a splash and floated in the water, Idate hastily was quick to catch you in his arms once more, your bra coming loose as he reached around your back and pretty soon he’d engaged you in a kiss.

His tongue had slipped into your mouth with minimal persuasion needed and as close as your bodies were – he kept an arm between you both, a hand cupping your breast. You moaned softly against his lips as he dug his nails into your chest, a hand stroking your thigh as he lent down, pulling your leg around his waist and hitching you up. It wasn’t long before your other leg followed suit and he’d abandoned your chest, holding you steady against him as he walked you backwards, coming to a halt as your back met the wall of the pool. It was then that he broke off from the kiss with a grunt, able to feel him against your rear…the lust in her eyes was something else - cheeks shamelessly red as she closed the distance between them once more, her chest pressed hard against his front. He watched on enthusiastically as he reached between her legs and teased her panties – able to tell she was excited, even with the water that’d already drenched her body…each brush moving with more ease as the slightly slick feel of the fabric…the motion teasing himself too as his hand brushed against his sex – wanting nothing more than feel himself inside of her but…he could wait a little longer. He allowed her to kiss him but soon pushed her back, not needing to take in a breath as he winked at her and sunk beneath the water – hooking his fingers around the rim of her pants as he went down and pulling them with him as her legs unravelled from his waist.

You watched as your pants floated to the surface – the orca soon receiving your full attention once more as he parted your legs and rest on over his shoulder, keeping himself beneath the water as he drew his tongue across your folds to taste you a second time. It wasn’t blood this time though, one of your hands beneath the water as you gripped his hair…fingers soon loosening up and trailing through his hair and up his fin, only making him press into you more as he sucked on your clit gently. The feel of his sharp teeth so dangerously close to such a sensitive area made you nervous but you trusted him for the most part. It felt too good to get him to stop either. He had his fill and sure enough came back up, his member rubbing between your thighs until he hooked one of them around his waist once more. No words were shared as he nipped and kissed at your neck, guiding himself to your entrance and wasting no time in pushing himself into you. The sound that he drew from your mouth only stirring him on more as you felt some of the water from the pool enter along with him and made you shudder – the sudden cold that’d taken between your legs contrasting with the heat from his cock as you struggle to adjust to him, not given any time as he began to rock his hips back and forth, the water sloshing around you as he let out a smug moan of satisfaction.

“You’re so tight…” he purred, lazily glancing up at you from your neck – the laughter that would have followed stifled as you took his cheeks and pulled him into a kiss. The leg that was around his waist just within proximity of his other tail…your foot trailing across it as his whole body convulsed - forcing you to gasp as he crushed you between his chest and the wall. It really was like he was an animal, you mused, the orca biting at your bottom lip and hungrily kissing you at every opportunity as he thrust almost senselessly into you. Even against the water which fought back with every motion of his body. Your own body jolting upwards slightly as he buried himself deep inside your walls – the sensation of the water that infiltrated your body making you squirm in discomfort, Idate determined to prevent you from moving away from him as he kept you pinned to the spot. Yet it felt so nice…not the only time that night you’d sleep with each other – the orca’s tail hung lazily behind him as he held himself up on one shaky arm, the first time you’d seen him tired out of the three rounds you’d gone through. He held onto your waist for dear life as he kept himself inside of you, joined at the hips as he held you up against him.

You’d whined about him being too heavy when he’d collapsed on you last time so this time he’d been banned from lying on top of you. Every position had been tried and you were hoping you’d get a break this time around, and not just a fifth teen minute one as he pulled out of you with a wince…able to feel the mixture of water, cum and your own fluids seeping on the bedsheets beneath…hoping Lil hadn’t meant she didn’t want a clean-up bill in the hotel and not the karaoke booth…Idate flopped by your side with a scowl and hugged you close. His hand found yours and he slipped his fingers between yours, rising above you both and eyeing it curiously.

“Remind me again why you’re not a witch already?” He sighed, head resting on your shoulder near the scarring.

“I dunno…I think it’s because I’m terrible at magic?” You suggested sarcastically, bringing his hand down to your side so he was hugging you. He pulled you tighter, rearing up slightly as he looked down on you with a scowl.

“Is that so?” He huffed. “You know I don’t believe you.”

“What!” You gasped, Idate smirking as he nuzzled back down into your shoulder.

“Yeah…you’re damn good at riding your familiar and I’m almost certain you could hypnotise me with those eyes – that’s magic right?” You flushed and turned to stop him from saying anything else with a kiss, a purr rumbling in his throat.

“Bet Chlomaki wouldn’t mind giving us time off if she knew I was helping you with your training.”

“Stop it.” You muttered bashfully, flicking him on the nose and watching as he covered his face with a groan, peeking from between his fingers at you.

“You’re so mean to me…I just wanna have some fun you know…you’d made me wait sooo long after all. You can’t blame me for wanting something as beautiful as you by my side twenty four seven.”

“You’re worse than Satanick stop.”

“Stop what?” His hand slipped down your front and you sound found your thighs pressed against his wrist as he sunk his fingers into your aching core.

“This?”

It was safe to say, you weren’t surprised when you woke at two in the afternoon after a night of no sleep…Idate flat out beside you with an arm and a leg hooked protectively around your frame – cute, albeit…you weren’t a fan of the drool pool that’d accumulated on your shoulder. Even so, you didn’t wake him, allowing yourself to drift off once more even if it was for a few more minutes until he woke.

~Got my addiction, my addictions. And I love to fix 'em, and I love to fix 'em - no one's perfect.~

You didn’t know how you’d ended up in such a bizarre position: originally sharing your headphones with Lil as she laid against Satanick’s lap and you laid against Idate’s…except Idate had hooked a leg against your waist and Lil had taken residency against your chest in quote on quote its 'cushiony softness' as opposed to 'something that felt a little bit like a boner', to which Satanick denied.

Sympathising with Satanick on the other hand, Idate had said he’d rest on his lap and, true to his word, the orca had laid himself back against the Devil…the pair happily flirting away with one another…not to mention that Aconita soon joined in the pile, opting to rest between your legs, under Lil’s arm and against your chest too since Kyou was off and she had nobody to hug. The whole thing left out a few of the others, Anten too busy on his phone anyway and Envi seemed to be annoyed by something as he kept his face in a book he was reading. You’d gotten used to the group for the most part…Yukisada and Shirogane still ignoring you so…you had no choice but to hang out with them – something you didn’t mind, you mused as Idate gently stroked your hair…although, he and Satanick were too busy flirting with each to notice you. So was the life of anyone in the group – their relationships secondary to the odd bromance that the orca and the Devil shared. It seemed Satanick was pushing it too far though…

“Wanna take this to the toilets?” You heard him ask, Idate raising an eyebrow at him and playing along.

“Do you really think a classy guy like me deserves that sort of treatment?” He huffed.

“I suppose I set the bar pretty high with the hotel, didn’t I?” Satanick sighed, hung over Idate as he cupped his cheeks. “I suppose if we hanged a few bits of…tinsel or something the cubicle would look a bit neater? (Y/N) would be invited of course.”

“You wish I’d agree to that.” Idate snarled, brushing Satanick’s hands from his face in a sassy flick of the wrist.

“(Y/N)?” Satanick chirped, meeting your gaze and earning a middle finger, Idate chuckling as he winked at Satanick.

“I set the bar too high for her to sleep with a Devil like you.” He remarked, making you flush as they started arguing…Lil groaning as she muttered something under her breath.

“Say (Y/N),” she said after a moments silence, “if those two love birds are getting married do you want to hang out with me on Valentine’s Day? I’m sure you recognise by now I’m the only one who knows how to treat you right…woman to woman…or…if you fancied I could show you how good I look as a guy.” Idate had soon risen from Satanick, ordering everyone to get off of you and taking you into his lap where he held you tight.

“How about you horn dogs go and get your own partners?” He growled, Aconita mentioning she already did. Satanick grovelled beside you, sulking profusely as he tried to reconcile with the orca. Lil trying to reassure him…

“Let the sea cow have his girl Satanick…you know, you could have anyone you wanted this Valentine’s Day.” Idate scoffed at the nickname he’d been so rudely given, gaze flickering to you momentarily, a smile crossing his lips as his expression softened…Satanick interrupting what was almost a kiss as he rose confidently.

“Where are you going?” Lil cried, Satanick not looking back.

“To ask Roachypoo if he wants to go on a date with me this Valentine’s Day!” He cried, striding off like a man on a mission…you fervently practised your magic through class, Idate watching your struggles but…even if you seemed to be having difficulties – you’d…show some hint of grasping basic magic with extra tutorage on an online forum you’d found…you were just waiting to surprise him and see his face when you finally mastered the spell you were learning. The day he’d have to accept to being your familiar on top of being your boyfriend. All your efforts expended in Magic and P.E. that you couldn’t be bothered to write in the Literature Club, opting to read some of your book for English. Your phone to hand on the side as you text Idate…knowing his phone had been stolen when you started getting through some rather raunchy messages that resonated with a certain curly horned Devil or the occasional use of ‘hun’ or ‘sweetie’ that screamed Lil. You did eventually piece together some sense though.

Today 3:31 PM
You could always come round to mine - know it's not the most romantic thing in the world, but you'd be doing me a massive favour xx
You were going to ask what that favour was when another text followed his previous one.

Today 3:32 PM
My brother and his wife are off out and they're wanting me to babysit my niece and she scares me.It'll probably make things worse bringing you around but I could do with the support TT^TT xxSure, I don't mind xxDidn't know you ever had a brother though? Let alone live alone? xxRead
You’d always assumed he paid for a house himself but knowing Idate…it did strike you as odd how someone who didn’t even have a job could be supporting himself like that.

Today 3:34 PM
Yeah I do. I thought it would be better than living in the dorms but they drive me up the wall. I’ll organise it though so don’t worry bout it, I’ll get us pizza or something.Bring a knife in case the niece decides to take a chunk out of you xx
She couldn’t be that bad really? Then again, if all orcas were as…bite-y as Idate…they it seemed like a serious request. You didn’t play on it though, quite content to help him babysit, another thing you couldn’t picture Idate doing.

Nevertheless, the details were organised, and Valentine’s Day finally reached you. The idea for his gift had been an easy one to come up with and although you couldn’t quite get him a human to eat for various personal and otherwise moral reasons, you did however, manage to get your hands on various meats from Earth. Most of which, he’d eaten raw throughout the school day much to your horror…but if he could stomach it then you were fine with that. His gift to you had been a plushie orca much to your amusement…oh and food of course. You swore sometimes he was just trying to fatten you up with the amount of food he gave you, even on regular days too…although you tend to burn off most the calories you took in. You’d been raving silently in your head all through club though…almost skipping out to meet him with Satanick and Lil. Although, you soon split into two pairs as you head to your dorm with Idate and Satanick and Lil head back to the Devil’s house. With some music on in the background, you’d intended on changing…getting as far as removing your clothes when you were tackled in a big hug and nearly thrown onto your bed. The part where you actually got dressed happened some time later, with Idate occupying himself with a cigarette by the window. You’d slipped into a skirt and left your bag by the bed – crouching down momentarily to remove the squishy orca toy and place it on the bed…Idate watching with a smirk as he flicked the butt of the cigarette out the window after one more drag.

“You know,” he began, smoke billowing from his maw. “I’d say I hope you give that lots of love but I think I’m already jealous of it…” he trailed off as you plopped down on the bed. The toy orca was soon held in your arms and squished against your chest.

“You’re jealous of a toy?” You soothed. “Really?”

“Really…” he purred, sauntering over to the bed and taking his place by your side. He removed the toy from your arms and brought them around his neck.

“Because I looove yooou,” he purred, purposefully drawing it out as he rest his head on your shoulder and cradled your waist, “and no other orca gets to sleep beside you but me. Or with you. Or any other species for that matter.”

“So if I ever took Lil up on her sleepover offer I wouldn’t be allowed to share a bed with her?” You queried, Idate raising an eyebrow at you.

“Especially Lil.” He growled, making you giggle as you brushed your nose against his, the orca nuzzling you into a kiss.

“And you better get used to it.” He sighed casually. As he rose your affections returned to the toy, Idate turning off the music.

~You just tell her that the only way her heart will mend, is when she learns to love again~

“When you’re a witch I’m not letting you have any other familiars.”

“I figured.” You huffed. “You know you’re lucky I like you so much.”

“You’re killing me (Y/N)…” he groaned.

“Okay, love you enough…you know, for somebody so big and tough you sure are a softie sometimes aren’t you?” His expression flickered between disgust and embarrassment, enjoying the power you held over him.

“I’m not soft.” He stated bluntly. “I just enjoy your company the most.” You laughed, gathering your phone and keys into a bag.

“Of course.” You finally left. The walk to his wasn’t too bad…a few rogue students who’d stayed behind longer eyeing you curiously as you walked down the street…Yukisada and Shirogane included in that group. You hadn’t noticed them at first, but you’d noticed Idate’s relaxed posture tense up. His hand tightening around yours as you turned to face him, his eyes forwards with a broad grin plastered across his features. When you’d followed it you saw them both. Your heart suddenly leapt into your throat as you locked eyes with Shirogane…who’s head soon faced the floor, his arm sliding around Yukisada’s with him being closest to you. You thought you saw Yukisada bow his head slightly to you but, you knew you were probably just seeing things.

“What’s wrong (Y/N)?” His voice soothed you somewhat, your attention focused back on him as you passed by the pair.

“Nothing.” As the words left your lips you felt the guilt come crashing down – hoping the pair didn’t take that the wrong way, that you meant nothing to them…Idate glancing over his shoulder and suddenly grimacing.

“Keep your eyes to yourself owl or I’ll take them for myself.” He growled, not helping the situation as you turned just in time to see Yukisada usher Shirogane away rather hastily.

“Hey.” You snapped, the orca unhappy tensing once more as he stood his ground.

“Hey to you!” He barked. “He was the one looking at you!” You couldn’t argue with him and you knew they weren’t your friends anymore…in the time you’d spent at the school you’d realised it was a very dog-eat-dog place and only the alphas came out on top. That’s how it seemed for pretty much every species in the school. And from what you’d heard, this trait stood out on their respective worlds as well. You sympathised with your old friends but…you knew you couldn’t do anything to change Idate’s ways, nor their position. If they wanted him to stop bullying them…they’d have to be braver and actually stand up to him. In that sense you were lucky you were dating him although you weren’t saved from his shameless teasing. With a shove, you pushed him aside. Idate taking it as a challenge as you were soon shoved back, almost throwing yourself at him in an attempt to bowl him over but the result was something akin to what you’d expect from throwing yourself at a wall. Except, this wall could tackle you back. The rest of your journey spent squirming in his arms in embarrassment as he carried you back to his house like some sort of child. You made it to the door and he put you down, hugging you from behind as he hesitated…

“You know…I love you right?” He soothed, making you chuckle as you hugged his arms to your body.

“I love you too…” you replied suspiciously, “what do you want?”

“Nothing!” He exclaimed. “I’m just reminding you in case you don’t make it out alive.”

“Your family can’t be that bad!” You protested. Idate had warned you multiple times that his niece, Nagi and his sister in law were psychos, his brother overly cold. If Idate said they were then…you kind of did believe him, but you weren’t going to judge them until you met them yourself. It was then that he slid from your side, pushing down on the handle and holding open the door for you. You thanked him, entering the house and glancing around curiously.

“Where would you like my shoes?” You asked cheerfully, Idate showing you and taking your bag for you. He hung it on a coat rack – a loud gasp startling you as you spun around to see another orca, two correctly. The woman was absolutely stunning – her sleek black hair tied into a ponytail with daisies woven into it…a white dress hugging her slender frame. And her eyes – the man behind her bearing a look colder than an iceberg…his hair slightly more grey with a long scar across his face.

“Idate she’s so cute!” The woman soothed, cupping your cheeks and admiring you. You were slightly more nervous than you had been before…

“I’m Idate’s sister in law – just call me Mother sweetie!” You were even more taken aback, able to feel Idate’s gaze on your back – knowing he was holding in a big, fat
‘I told you so’.

“Of course, I’m (Y/N)…it’s nice to meet you.” You replied bashfully, the orca lady beaming at you sweetly…her black eyes almost staring through you as she was quick to grab her husband’s arm.

“This is Takama.” She chirped. “Say hi honey!” As stern as the orca looked he eased up in her arms, not quite scowling.

“Hello.” He said simply, his voice insanely similar to Idate’s but there was no trace of the years of abuse on his vocal chords from cigarettes. Even so, there was a look of mistrust in his eye. You didn’t blame him though. You’d be suspicious of you too. His gaze travelled to Idate though and you saw the scowl return.

“Hopefully you’ll be a good enough influence on my brother here to make him get a job so he can finally move out.” To be immediately caught in family politics too – it was funny though…Idate quick to respond to his Tamaka’s comment.

“I’d love to move out.” Idate sighed. “It’s not long till summer though so stop whining and man up.” The female orca quickly stepped in, guiding Takama to the door without a care in the world.

“Maybe one day you two will have a house together!” She chirped happily. “Nagi’s around somewhere…she was looking forward to meeting you (Y/N) – make sure she eats but other than that she should be fine, she’s a sweet girl.” You nod in acknowledgment, the woman opening the door and offering her goodbyes along with one, final comment.

“Thank you for doing this – you know if you ever need us to babysit for you just say!” You tensed, barely lifting your hand to wave as she closed the door. Idate chuckled at your lack of function, the orca pulling you into an embrace and rocking you side to side, head resting against yours.

“Wanna start a family?” He hummed, laughing at your expression.

“No way.” You huffed. “Not this young anyway…” as you trailed off he raised lent back with a raised eyebrow.

“You don’t even want to try…like, a little bit?” He whined, the pair of you unaware of the presence by the door frame – the murderous intent that seeped from behind a doorframe.

“Well…you could maybe move into my dorm if you wanted…it isn’t long till summer like you said, if you really don’t want to stay here you can crash at mine.” His face lit up, albeit the toothy grin he gave you told you, you might regret that decision. He was about to kiss you when a small figure caught your attention, a voice to match.

“Are you moving away Uncle?” You were in awe at the adorable young girl that stood before you both. Idate clearly unhappy with her presence as he left your side, a hand around your waist to keep you close.

“So what if I am?” The young girl who you could only presume was Nagi turned her attention to you – something about the way she looked at you…intimidating you. You felt threatened by a little girl – said girl walking over to Idate and tugging on his hand.

“I made you something for Valentine’s Day.” She said simply, trying to pull him away from you. It was obvious he didn’t want to go – taking it upon yourself to crouch down to Nagi’s height. Her attempts to pull away Idate ceasing as she glared at you.

“You must be Nagi right?” She didn’t respond, Idate stood awkwardly as he glanced down at the pair of you. “I’m (Y/N).”

“I don’t like you.” She stated bluntly. You cocked your head, Nagi kind enough to elaborate but it wasn’t great.

“Nobody loves my Uncle but me.” The spite in her tone was enough to kill, the cogs turning in your head. It didn’t quite click until later though what she meant. That she meant it literally. You had to watch her so it wasn’t like Idate and yourself could shimmy up to his room, the T.V. on as you watched what Nagi wanted. Said orca having crushed Idate in the corner far from you, and you kept your distance. It wasn’t exactly you wanted to make enemies with her but it seemed you already were, in her eyes anyway. Even when Idate had threatened he’d tell Tamaka that she was being a pain in the arse, she still wouldn’t budge. And somewhere inside you, you realised that she genuinely, loved in – in some messed up sense of the word. Then again, when you recalled how Idate had been before you got together, Idate had always been a bully though…you didn’t think it ran through their species. Nevertheless, the evening continued and pizza was ordered, Idate and yourself stealing a moment in the kitchen when he went to get you a drink.

“She’s not too bad!” You protest still, Idate’s expression saying it all. “It’s odd…but she’ll grow out of it.”

“You’re too kind (Y/N)…” he sighed, placing aside his glass. “Orca women don’t just grow out of it. They’re all psycho’s…you know I had to install a lock onto my bedroom door to make sure I didn’t wake up with her riding me like some sort of…” he trailed off but you got the picture.

“She’s worse than her Mother…I can’t wait till summer and I can just roam free…although, I might survive since you’re letting me stay at yours.” You didn’t really know what to say. A small sigh escaping your lips as you lent into him, the pair of you resting against the counter. His hand soon placed firmly on your waist.

“Have you ever thought about giving her to Satanick? I’m sure he’d adore her.” Idate nearly cackled, thoroughly amused by your comment as he raised an eyebrow at you.

“How dark of you…but yes, the thought has crossed my mind and I’d rather have my limbs attached to my body though…Takama I could take easily but him and his wife? His wife in particular…” he shuddered at the thought, “no thanks.” There was a moments silence and then he gave you a questioning look.

“What’s your family like (Y/N)?” He inquired. “I’ve never heard you talk about them – do you not get along?”

“Oh no!” You exclaimed suddenly. “Quite the opposite actually, I’m really close to my family…” you went on to explain a bit about your Mother and your Stepfather, Idate listening on happily when his gaze wandered to the door…Nagi having come to check up on you. And so, the conversation was left at that. Idate pointed you in the direction of the toilets upon request and briefly apologising for not giving you a tour. You dismissed the notion though, taking your leave and heading to the toilet…you hung over the sink, hands still wet as you stared at your reflection. You found yourself staring into your eyes, nothing on your mind as you did. It wasn’t like you could stay in there forever though, heading for the door and jumping as you almost bumped into Nagi.

“Oh!” You gasped. “Sorry I didn’t see you there.” She stared up at you with those black orbs, her hands behind her back. From the angle you were at though, with your height advantage over her…you could see perfectly what she was trying to keep concealed, a sense of dread forcing you to step back, hand on the door…

“Nagi…” you began, the orca tilting her head.

“I need the toilet.” She said simply.

“Okay.” You replied uneasily, mind reeling as you tried to picture every possible way the situation could go. “Can I get past you please?” She stepped to the side, your back flat against the door frame as you slid past her, breath caught in your chest, ready to be used at any second. She watched your every move like a hawk too, not even blinking as you backed away – making sure to maintain eye contact. She didn’t move, even with you out of the way of the door to the bathroom…reaching the stairs much to your relief as you turned and fled down them. Idate facing you with a slice of pizza hanging out of his mouth – a dumb look on his face as you sat down beside him.

“Mm-you ‘kay?” He managed, taking the intended bite and covering his mouth.

“Yeah…” you breathed, trying to compose yourself as he eyed you with suspicion. A piece of half-eaten pizza soon held in front of your face as he beamed at you…allowing him to feed you as you recovered as much as you could. Although…no matter how calm you became, you only panicked again, unable to scratch the image of the knife from your mind. Nagi about ready to take any means to get rid of you it seemed, only imagining she would have happily eaten your corpse.

He knew something was wrong…he wasn’t dumb after all – she’d gone upstairs and Nagi had vanished. He could almost smell the fear on (Y/N) as she curled up beside him. He would have suggested she wait upstairs in his room, yet he didn’t want her to be left alone and he didn’t want Nagi to get the wrong idea. So he kept her close to his side, Nagi red in the face as he glared at her – the orca hanging her head as she knew she’d crossed the boundary. He did ask if Nagi wanted to go out to the park or something though, a way to get her away and entertain herself with something else than her sick fantasies…eventually his brother returned though and his sister in law took to fussing over (Y/N).

Nagi had gone upstairs for a bath and that left the rest of them downstairs...she was still pretty shaken about whatever had happened but…she eased up talking to his sister who eventually asked if she wanted to stay the night – music to his ears since they’d barely been able to enjoy each other’s company with Nagi lurking about. Idate was quick to cut into the conversation, telling the pair he was glad they had a wonderful evening and that he hoped they continued to do so…the orca rather hastily ushering you upstairs after that. You found yourself in his room, marvelling at the small tip it was…clothes strewn left, right and centre – the bin overflowing with rubbish and a small desk cramped in one corner with school work piled high…he didn’t even have a proper bed, just a mattress and a duvet…

“You know if you’re staying at mine I’m kicking you out if it ever gets this messy.” You commented slyly as he locked the door, baring it with a chair for further security.

“It won’t!” He protested, finding yourself relax properly for what felt like hours as you were swept up in his arms. “I’m sorry this has been a shitty Valentine’s Day…”

“You’ll just have to take me on a super nice date.” You chirped, Idate scowling in disappointment.

“When are they not super nice?” He huffed, making you giggle as you kissed him lightly. You stayed up to chat, played some dumb games on his laptop and eventually settled down for the night. You were drifting off in Idate’s arms, the warmth from your bodies perfect as you lay almost concealed by the duvet. The skin on skin contact was nice, albeit underwear remained on, and you felt safe and content…the lingering scent of cigarette smoke clinging to him, but it was a smell you’d grown accustomed to. You’d honestly thought he was asleep, his chin resting on top of your head and obstructing your vision of that handsome face but, as it turned out he wasn’t – a hefty sigh wracking his sides.

“What’s up?” You murmured wearily, head tilt back and finding his onyx eyes meet your own. He looked bothered, averting his gaze as he tugged you back to him.

“It’s nothing…” he soothed, “go to sleep.” You nuzzled into him, muttering a mellow ‘okay’ and feeling his grip tighten around your waist – only making you more curious than you had been before, looking back up and causing him to groan.

“Oh (Y/N), don’t look at me like that…” he whined, “you’re too damn cute – makes me wanna eat you up.” You only laughed at this, Idate smiling down at you when again a look of annoyance crossed his face. At least you thought it was annoyance, you weren’t sure.

“You know…I’ve never really seriously thought about settling down.” He sighed, your mind taking a second to comprehend what he’d said.

“Where’s this come from?” You asked, Idate giving a one shoulder shrug as he rose steadily, back propped up against the wall. You kept the covers over yourself to save the heat but shift yourself so that your head was on his lap.

“From messing around,” he began. “Being with you, my sister, Satanick – he’s been bullying me over the phone pretty much every night now…” he trailed off, fingers finding your hair as he stroked the top of your head gently.

“I said I’d be your familiar because the chances of you ever learning to do magic were so slim, it was a joke – the idea of settling down with someone has always been a joke to me…” he scowled, gaze averted to the window, pale moonlight seeping through the slits in the curtains and illuminating the frustrated expression he bore.

“I thought dating you would be fun until we left school – maybe end it before the summer holidays or the next, don’t get too attached but…I dunno (Y/N), look – what I’m trying to say is that I like you. A lot. When I get out of school I’m just gonna continue exploring the ocean, visit Satanick – die when I finally fight someone stronger than me…” you listened patiently, admittedly a little stung by the first part, but it didn’t surprise you either.

“Now though, (Y/N) – I know I’m so much older than you and I know things can change but – I want to settle down with you…when I asked if you wanted to try for kids I realised – I would – I know I sound like Satanick but I want you to have my children!” The atmosphere lightened considerably towards the end, Idate giving you a cheesy grin as you burst into hysterics, the orca purposefully making the ending dramatic. His little speech had stirred a mixture of feelings in you: you were giddy, ecstatic and worried he’d lost his marbles. Still, there was a lingering heaviness in your heart that yes, things could very well change and you wouldn’t be together in that future he’d constructed.

“I’m serious though (Y/N)…” he purred softly. That, you did know.

“I don’t doubt that…” you sighed, “I know I can’t refuse either, you’re too stubborn to change your mind so…yes Idate, I’ll have your kids.” You feigned anger at the end, folding your arms across your chest. Idate’s smirk telling you he had no intention of letting you go any time soon, or ever if things turned out the way it seemed they would.

“Although,” you began, smiling to yourself at the thought of a lifetime of exploring the sea – you were in the same boat as the orca, not having any plans. At best, you’d return to Earth, go to university and lead a normal, boring life – you’d settle down eventually and have some kids…a lifestyle that wasn’t as particularly appealing to you.

“Just because you’re dating me doesn’t mean we settle down. I wanna see the Witches World – all of it, Satanick’s world too! Anything you want to do we’ll-”

“Eat a human.”

“Aside from eating a human…” you sighed, “or at least, I don’t want to see you do it.”

“Aaawww honey! You’re the best!” He purred playfully, bopping you on the nose. “I look forward to it, not just the human eating…all of it. Who knew I would have caught such a sweet girl.” You flushed…no longer tired as the pair of you stayed up, debating where you’d go and what you’d do – Idate telling you all about the places he’d been and places he wanted to show you. Although, with summer coming up you soon found yourself planning what you’d do then – school coming to a close with students expecting to return home in a matter of weeks. He’d insisted you spend a week or so with him back at Iceberg Isle, warning you to bring plenty of warm clothes with you and maybe a tent as you soon found out he didn’t exactly have a house. He insisted that he visit your family too since you were a couple and…although he didn’t know it quite yet, soon to be familiar.

“Satanick will pick us up when we go to his,” he chirped, “I suppose you’ll have to ask your Stepfather to give you a lift to mine and I’ll maybe pick me up to when I go to visit you…”

“It’s fine,” you reassured him as he fell quiet, giving his arm a squeeze as you head down from your dorm to meet the rest of the group, “I’ll pick you up.” He opened his mouth, hesitating then stopping – teeth bared in a fat grin.

“No.” He stated simply.

“Oh yes…want me to prove it?”