idate is going to seaworld awwwww yeah.

he doesn't know how he got tickets to get in here, since he just kinda woke up with the tickets in his mouth. literally.

who did he sleep with last night?

it doesn't matter now.

it was definitely not a certain penguin in a certain dojo in a certain game.

we're past that.

we're not.

but we can pretend.

anyway, he gets into this swanky ass world of sea in the biggest coat and a slushie.

but shit, it was 99 cents.

the guard at the gate opened his coat.

"i was just trying to make sure you weren't three children in a coat."

what an experience!

idate punched him in the face.

once he was in he went to the orca tanks which are pretty much every tank.

there were also some sharks but they weren't real because idate didn't believe in them.

he's a non-believer.

like a certain someone with certain purple hair in regards to a certain black haired ghoul mans certain baguette.

blahblahblahblah

dicks.

 

"these whales are suffering" idate orca'd t0 himself.

he clenched his fist and looked to the sky. it was raining for this very moment.

thankfully it wasn't sunny d.

he then noticed the most beautiful whale in the world.

they locked eyes.

he moved over to the glass and put his hand on it.

"what's your name bby?" he asked with a wink ;).

it didn't respond to him.

but he knew.

"shamu is a beautiful name."

"EEEEEEEEEEUUUUUUUUUUEUEUEUUUUUUUUU" shamu said???

it was kind of like a kazoo, a recorder, and a whoopee cushion making noise at the same time.

it was beautiful.

idate pressed his face up against the glass and started making out with shamu.

children were staring.

he didn't care. there was no stopping him when he had a boner this huge.

it cracked the glass.

water spewed out from behind him and children were screaming.

"yes, come to me my love!" idate yelled as the glass broke entirely, sending all the whales in the tank towards him.

he carried them all to his home.

he gave them each a kiddy pool to sit in inside his home and he made love to all of them all the time.

it was beautiful.

all of them were named shamu too how fucked up is that.

oh, but they were pronounced differently.

like, one could be called "shAAAAuuumuu".

but then the other one could be pronounced frank.

the end.