Zipping up your (F/C) parka and putting on your mittens, you headed outside to scoop the fresh snow off of your porch and sidewalk. It had snowed nearly five feet last night and the tempurature nearly dropped to ten below zero. At least springs' almost here... You thought, scooping a small pile of snow to the side. You kicked some snow off of the porch, watching it shine in the sunlight like glitter. Letting out a huff, you turned around and looked at the sea over the horizon; It, of course, looked cold as hell, but still beautiful. There were a few iceburgs floating here and there with some penguins on them, just doing whatever penguins do. You deeply inhaled the frozen air and set off towards the water, keeping your snow shovel just in case something bad happens. Walking along the somewhat icy trail, you saw Peraco and her three siblings help put Suno back together. "Be careful with his arms! They break easily!" You also saw Yukisada and Shirogane having a little chat by the ermine that was apparently always in deep thought. 

You soon realised that you were at the wharf, almost about to trip and fall into the boat that was left there. You lightly shook your head and sat down next to the sleeping rabbit then lightly patted its fluffy belly. Geez, they said it'd be dangerous to take your boat out, but I actually don't see any problems. As you were about to get up, you noticed something splash in the water out of the corner of your eye. "What the hell was that?" You asked, turning to face the water. Suddenly, a man in a black and white suit burst out of the water and slid across the ice on his stomach, and then came to a halt a few feet away from you. You backed up a bit and held up your snow shovel in defence. "Who're you?!" The man only stood up, took a lighter and a cigarette out of his pocket, and lit it. "Ahh... I'm just an orca out on a little stroll." 

"A stroll? Aren't you that orca that's been attacking people on their boats?"
"You can say that, but I have to say that I like messing with people weaker than me."
"W-Well, can you stop? People're trying catch food for their families!"
"Stop? You can't just ask me to stop, my dear. Even with that shovel of yours."

You then head him over the head with your shovel, being annoyed by his smug attitude. The orca man stumbled back and fell onto his tail, surprisingly still keeping his cigarette in his mouth. "Ow! Geez, girl, you nearly broke my fin!" You huffed and hit the end of your shovel on the ice, frowning slightly. "Now, what's your real name?" He looked up at you and took a puff of his cigarette then blew the smoke into your face. "Idate. Happy now?"

"Yeah, thanks." 
"Hm, well, I'm gonna go and put somethin' on this bump you gave me."

And just like that, Idate finished his cigarette and jumped into the water, quickly disappearing beneath the icy blue. You rolled your eyes and started to head home, but you noticed that you had a light cigarette stench sticking to you. Oh, great. How am I gonna get this out? 